---
title: "Perfect"
excerpt: "Google should not have been invented"
date: 2023-11-30 03:40:00 PM UTC
date_last_modified:
categories:
  - Religion
tags: 
  - Satire
  - KJV Only
published: true
---

NOTE: This is a hypothetical conversation, and is borderline satire.



They are saying/implying that they are the authority when it comes to interpreting the Bible

What about "prefect"

You need to look into an old deictionary

At least I am not saying that I am the authority on matters like this, because I am pointing you to a dictionary.

You mean the dictionary is an authority when it

Kind of; yes. At least I'm not saying that I am the authority. Unlike these translators

Where did they say that?

They imply it by doing the translation.

You mean they should not have translated?

Yes.

If we go on using the kind of logic you are using, we can say that KJV translators should not have translated because Tyndale

Tyndale should not because Wiclyffe

Erasmus should not have compiled a Greek text because we already had Latin Vulgate

Jerome should not have translated because we already have the original Greek

We can even go on and say: Paul should not have written his letters, or Mark should not have written his gospel account because they were good with memory during those times. They should have just memorized everything and passed it on to the early Christians, who would have passed it on to us by word of mouth.

Look at us now, relying too much on Google. We lost the skill of putting everything into memory. Had Paul or Mark or John not written the things they wanted us to remmeber, google would not have been invented, and we would have been good at putting everything into memory.
